Hey,
guys,
welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to speak about the range dot fund property.
So what the range dot fund property allows us to do is to actually change the aspects off
the fund for the range object So we can actually make the fund bolt or recon,
make it italics,
or we can make it underline.
And we can also change the funds size,
and we can change its color.
And also,
we can change.
It's fun types,
all these,
you know,
theme fund,
school ebri.
Ah,
aerial toe,
home on all these kinds of funds so we can control all that using the range start fund
property.
Okay,
so let's see how we can do that.
So I've got my named range that it's called my and a score table.
And if I write range,
my underscore table dot font dot bold equals true.
Okay.
And if I run that you can see here that the fund has become bold.
Okay,
So what this go does is actually sets the bold property for the fund object.
The actually results from using the funds property to be equal to true.
So actually,
when you use the fund property yields a fund object and that fund object has a bold
property.
And you said that property equals two.
True,
You can also I,
tallis eyes a range So range underscore my table dot fund thought I talic equals true.
So that will actually I tell a size the fund as well.
And you can also set range that fund dot underline equals two.
True.
And if you run that this is actually gonna underlying your fund as well.
Okay,
so what if I need to reverse these changes so un bold the fund and on Ayatollah size it and
remove the line under it as well?
So actually said these properties to be equal to false.
So if I do that So this is equal to false and so bold equal to falls.
I thought it equal to false underline equal to false.
And if I run that So all the changes that I've made have been reversed.
Okay,
So let's see how we can do something else to our fund.
So,
for example,
we can also change the funds color.
So if you write range,
my underscore table dot fund dot color equals and actually you would need to either right
one of the V b a color constants which are basically some colors that you can write as
words.
Or you can actually write the exact shade of the color that you need using the RGB function
.
I'm gonna list.
Actually,
the XlV be a color constance on the screen for you,
but one of them is,
for example,
vb red.
So this is actually going to turn the color of the fund to be read.
However,
this is actually one shade of red there,
of course,
lots of shades of red.
And you can actually get any shade off color that you want using the RGB function and the
RGB function is basically a function that allows you to get any shade of color that you
want,
assuming that any color is basically a mix of red,
green and blue suit could write,
equals rgb and then start listing the shade of your color based on its RGB values.
Okay,
so I'll put a random color here,
for example,
RGB 1 50 5200 I don't even know what color that's gonna be turning out to be.
Well,
just run that and as you can see her,
it's a shade of purple.
OK,
so this is how you can get any color that you want,
the shade of any color that you want and actually something that you can do.
If you don't know what the RGB numbers off a certain color are,
you can actually Google that.
So,
for example,
you can Google on.
I'll just write that as a comment so that Excel wouldn't give me an error.
You can write,
for example,
the United States United States flag RGB colors,
for example.
You can just write that on Google,
and you will be able to get some search results having the RGB colors for the exact shades
of red and blue and white for the United States flag colors.
Okay,
so you can do that with anything you Congar ble anything instead of United States flag.
And just add the word RGB colors to it and just Google that you'll be able to get the RGB
colors off that particular object that you need to get the color off in order to plug it
into your RGB function and get the exact shade off colors that you want.
You can also change this size off your fund so you can write range my table dot font the
size.
I'll just copy that here.
The fund or size equals to 15 for example,
and this will change the phone sites.
If you run that,
you could see her.
There are funds got bigger.
You can also change the fun type or the fund name or,
you know,
make it one of these aerial and calibri and to home and older fund names so you can write
range my table dot font name equals and then put the front name between double quotes.
So equals Ariel,
for example.
So if you run that you consider the our fund changed something else that you can do to your
fund.
Okay,
guys.
So we've demonstrated a lot of examples here for the range dot funds property there are
actually other properties is also when you write range my table dot funds.
So I'll just copy that.
Don't fund and then you write another dot Here,
Excel suggests other properties for you.
There is the background color index.
You know there are other properties other than the ones that we've explained.
If you need to get information about any of these properties.
You can just google that.
Okay,
So,
for example,
if you,
Google will destroy that as a comment here ranged art fund dot color index,
for example.
And then you write the word MSD in which stands for Microsoft Directory Networks.
If you Google that you actually have your first result as the page on Microsoft directly
Neck Court network,
that explains that property.
Okay.
And if you go to that page,
you'll be able to no information about this particular property.
You can also highlight the property after writing in VB a on press F one on your keyboard
as well.
And that will take you to its page on Microsoft Directory Network.
On this course.
We're not gonna explain each and every property and method for each and every object.
You know,
we're just gonna list and explain the most important properties and methods and give you
examples And then,
from there on your able to learn about other properties and and methods of for the object,
bar yourself,
you know,
So it is very easy,
actually,
just Google that part or you just highlighted and press F one and you're able to get
information about the property,
arm or method,
and this course lays the foundation for you.
And the more important thing than acquiring information is actually to learn how to acquire
information.
You know,
that's more important than the information acquired is by itself.
Okay,
Hope you got my idea.
So thanks,
guys.
Watching this video I'll see on the next.